update the documentation. (#17)
xing/java-beetle: README.md

duplicates so it should not be used.

###### Spring Integration

Spring users can directly use the provided Spring Integration [dependency](https://nexus.dc.xing.com/#browse/browse:sysarch-snapshots:com%2Fxing%2Fbeetle) by adding it to their dependencies (`pom.xml` or `gradle.build` for instance).

Spring Integration module defines a `BeetleConnectionFactory` bean (as `@ConditionalOnMissingBean`) extending from `com.rabbitmq.client.ConnectionFactory`, so
by default Beetle Client will be used to communicate with RabbitMQ brokers unless another `ConnectionFactory` is configured.

The list of RabbitMQ servers should be configured using `beetle.servers` application property or `BEETLE_SERVERS` environment variable.

Please see the following demo apps for sample usage: 

* [java spring demo](https://github.com/xing/java-beetle/tree/master/spring-java-demo) 
* [kotlin spring demo](https://github.com/xing/java-beetle/tree/master/spring-kotlin-demo)

Important Note: Deduplication for Spring integration is only supported when `@RabbitListener` is used. Usage of `RabbitTemplate` for receiving messages is not supported. (Indeed, `RabbitTemplate` abuses

> consumers by creating a consumer for each message and closing them afterwards, which kills the purpose of using a consumer at all.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
consumers by creating a consumer for each message and closing them afterwards, which contradicts the purpose of a consumer. It also adds the overhead of establishing and tearing down the TCP connection every time.)
```

Reviewer: Maybe worth mentioning that under high load this approach would risk to run into issues with the number of connections/sockets available to the application because the operating system might not immedaiately free the resources used.

Also it eschews the benefits of a long-running connection (connection establising and teardown as mentioned in the edit suggestion and also issues like DNS lookups)

For other configuration parameters see:
https://source.xing.com/gems/xing-amqp#deployment-considerations

#### Requeue Messages at the End of Queues

> Please see: https://github.com/xing/beetle/blob/c5ab329a5be9a4bb91c58556a5d4747822c37da6/DEAD_LETTERING.md

Reviewer: Using the blob link directly might end up with an outdated resource.
```suggestion
Please see: https://github.com/xing/beetle/blob/master/DEAD_LETTERING.md
```
